This is a sample extension showing an implementation of the Tcl Extension
Architecture (TEA).  Please see the webpage

	http://www.tcl.tk/doc/tea/

for more details on TEA.  You can also read the enclosed "tea.pdf" document
for instructions on how to adapt this sample extension to your extension.

This package is a freely available open source package.  You can do
virtually anything you like with it, such as modifying it, redistributing
it, and selling it either in whole or in part.  See the file
"license.terms" for complete information.

CONTENTS
========
The following is a short description of the files you will find in
the sample extension.

Makefile.in	Makefile template.  The configure script uses this file to
		produce the final Makefile.

README		This file

README.cygwin	Instructions on how to use the Cygwin tools on Windows to
		build the sample extension.

README.sha	A description of the extension itself.

aclocal.m4	Generated file.  Do not edit.  Autoconf uses this as input
		when generating the final configure script.  See "tcl.m4"
		below.

configure	Generated file.  Do not edit.  This must be regenerated
		anytime configure.in or tclconfig/tcl.m4 changes.

configure.in	Configure script template.  Autoconf uses this file as input
		to produce the final configure script.

mkIndex.tcl.in	Script template used for generating an installed pkgIndex.tcl
		file.  The configure script uses this as input to produce the
		actual mkIndex.tcl script.

sample.c	Core Secure Hash Algorithm code.

sample.h	Header file for functions in the C files.

sha1.n		Unix nroff man page

tclsample.c	Implementation of new Tcl command "sha1".

tea.pdf		PDF file describing the current implementation of the
		Tcl Extension Architecture

tclconfig/	This directory contains various template files that build
		the configure script.  They should not need modification.

	install-sh	Program used for copying binaries and script files
			to their install locations.

	mkinstalldirs	Program used to create a directory hierarchy
			(because mkdir -p is not portable)

	tcl.m4		Collection of Tcl autoconf macros.  Included by
			aclocal.m4 to define SC_* macros.
